DOC-9489: Replace autofailover 'max events' with 'max nodes' (#2324)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/rest-api/pages/rest-cluster-autofailover-enable.adoc

Integer between 5 and 3600.
Specifies the number of seconds that must elapse, with a node unavailable, before automatic failover is triggered.
Default setting is 120.
* `maxCount=`_number-of-nodes_.

> Specifies the maximum number of sequential auto-failover nodes to be handled before administrator-intervention is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the maximum number of nodes to be auto-failed over before administrator-intervention is required.
```

> This could be one node failing over; or alternatively, of an entire server group failing over.

Reviewer: remove this sentence

> The maximum allowed value is 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum value can be up to the number of configured nodes.
```
